he said the problem with teachers and
one of the kids going to learn from
someone who decided that his best option
in life was to become a teacher it
reminds the other dinner guests that you
know it's true what they say about
teachers though you can do as you can I
decided to bite my tongue instead of his
and repeat the urge to remind the other
get up yet but it's also true what they
say about lawyers because we're eating
after all and it is supposed to be by
conversation I mean you're a teacher
terror come on be honest what do you
think and then when he hasn't done them
asked me to be honest because you see I
have this little policy about honesty
and ass kicking glitches if you ask for
it that I have to let you know do you
want to know what I think I make kids
work harder than I thought they could I
can make a few plus feel like a
Congressional Medal of Honor and I can
make an a-minus feel like a slap in the
face how dare you waste my time with
anything less than your very best I make
kids through 40 minutes of study hall in
absolute silence no you may not want
no you cannot ask me a question why
don't I let you go to the bathroom
because you're bored and you don't
really have to go do you I mean parents
tremble in fear when I call home and
around dinner time hi this is mr. Molly
I hope I would call that a bad time I
just wanted to talk to you about
something that your son said today in
class to the biggest bully in the grave
he said leave that alone I still
cry sometimes don't you and it was the
noblest act of courage that I had ever
seen and they perished see their
children for who they are and who they
can be you want to know what I make I
make his wonder I make a question I make
them criticize I make them apologize and
mean it I make a right right way and
then I may go read I make em spell
definitely beautiful definitely
beautiful definitely beautiful defi
nitely bautiful until they will never
misspell I one of those words again
amigo show all their work in math class
and then hide it on that final grass in
English I make them realize that if you
got this then you follow this and if
somebody ever tries to judge you based
on what you make you give them this here
let me bring it down for you so you know
what I think is true I'm a goddamn
difference now what about you think